apollo-compiler@0.7.0 (#493)
apollographql/apollo-rs: crates/apollo-compiler/CHANGELOG.md

* `EnumTypeDefinition::values() -> impl Iterator`
* `EnumTypeDefinition::value(name) -> Option`

New methods for every type which have a `directives` method:

* `directive_by_name(name) -> Option`
* `directives_by_name(name) -> impl Iterator`

## Features
- support mutli-file diagnostics by [goto-bus-stop] in [pull/414]
- validate directive locations by [lrlna] in [pull/417]
- validate undefined directives by [lrlna] in [pull/417]
- validate non-repeatable directives in a given location by [goto-bus-stop] in [pull/488]
- validate conflicting fields in a selection set (spec: fields can merge) by [goto-bus-stop] in [pull/470]
- validate introspection fields in subscriptions by [gocamille] in [pull/438]

> - validate argument correctnes by [goto-bus-stop] in [pull/452]

Reviewer: maybs we should be slightly more specific than the PR title was
```suggestion
- validate required arguments by [goto-bus-stop] in [pull/452]
```

Author: yep good point
